Queries to Mining company information system
Task
The "Mineral Miners" Corporation mines minerals on a big land and exploits many mining plants located there. Each mining plant (considered as a point on the map) has a certain mining power. These data are incorporated into the corporate Information system.

To make effective business decisions, company managers apply queries to the Information system and analyse responses. A query consists of a number and corresponding coordinates of rectangles of different sizes. The sides of all rectangle are parallel to x or y axes (in the usual Cartesian system). Typically, rectangles within one query cover a limited subarea of the land. Note that rectangles in a query can overlap or be embedded one into another.

The answer to the query is the total power of all plants located in all rectangles of the query.

You have to write the program of the Information system that implements efficient query processing. The priority should be given to the performance, i.e. to the fastest possible query processing.

Input:
Input file named input.txt is formatted as follows:
1st line: number of mines (positive integer n)
n next lines: coordinates and powers of each mine (x-coordinate y-coordinate power) separated by a space
next line: number of queries k
follows k specifications of queries each consisting of
▫ the number of rectangles in the first line
▫ coordinates of left-upper and right-lower corners of each rectangle in the next lines (each rectangle is specified in a new line)

Output:
Output file named output.txt should contain k lines, each line containing a single number: the total power of plants specified by the corresponding query

Example 2:
input.txt

6
1 4 5
2 3 7
3 4 10
6 2 1
7 4 4
8 6 8
2
2
1 6 4 1
1 5 8 3
2
3 6 7 2
1 5 8 3
output.txt
26
27
Technical remarks
Make sure that in the output, numbers are separated by a single space and the last line does not end with linefeed. Standard input/output is not supported, respect names input.txt and output.txt for input and output files respectively.
